hello it's Ruby and welcome welcome to
vlogmas day 8 so it's currently one
o'clock it's really late
oh really oh and we're just leaving the
apartment I think because I want to see
the balcony okay so I started to quickly
show you this amazing balcony which
Martha's now locking the art on to you
so this is so cool so awesome even
though I'm being knocked out and out of
the apartment now so that's that then so
today we are going out into this well
the town and we're gonna go back to the
Christmas market we're also going to go
to this what is it it's a kind of Fair
or amusement park and we really wanted
this an art gallery as well so we've got
some recommendations from I'm not sure
if you've ever watched madeline granger
she's a youtuber she plays some study
content and she lives in denmark so she
gave me some recommendations
okay so we're currently had a park I
believe that this is the Royal the Royal
Gardens or something but we're not
entirely sure we're kind of following my
diet because we're trusting him to
navigate us towards the galleries we're
trying to get to you same Arthur and I
really wanted to see enough battery
while we were here bonded yeah cultured
your first impression I see that was the
entrance so we're here at the art
gallery it's the hirschsprung gallery
and much if I'm pronouncing that right
but I'm really excited to see this is
meant to really really good and that
open which is who is a good start
[Music]
so you'll be currently in the art
gallery and we really enjoy having a
look around today that's what by Matt
Michael Anton is that his name anchor
yeah I didn't know I give them a Yeti
there's a really really beautiful
painting so I have just run into
Madeline who has a YouTube channel and I
was speaking about you earlier just say
if you've been watching the right well
hopefully you've been watching Startalk
down yeah we just bumped into each other
and this is so lovely and so intelligent
she knows so much about wood here that
[Music]
bring the white have anymore because it
was getting wet so I'm worried at Yahoo
I'm so so glad like some other than that
it was good to me that you guys saw each
other told to do and Martha who she's so
lovely literate I will leave her channel
link down below you have to go and watch
her videos you have to subscribe she's
just the loveliest sweetest person all
about productive living and
living kind of yourself and embracing
the fact you're different
I can do it too
yeah it's my where are we mostly looking
forward to this all day so we're
currently here doing some shopping down
I think it's called the mile long road
or something so there are no cars it's
just people okay so it's about seven
o'clock and we've been shopping for
about two hours
look can we pretty much you like no
we're going to tip tip early witches an
amusement park so we're gonna go see
that ponies real each other's names yeah
mother will support the hoodie she's
getting the mobile option buy it it was
an early Christmas present dad because
dad cannot he can't wait for Christmas
to present so he gives us our Christmas
presents early because he can't wait for
anything he's got a very you know he's
very impatient so I had to put on my
Christmas fashions
yeah so he really wanted to to get how
that she he got me trainers I think
it's done emo good job isn't she just
wait for her there are gonna be some
fireworks so much cross to the Bokashi
is its furry sake and I'm wearing a ski
I am wearing pair and a shame
[Music]
hey this is my beverage
so we just attend a very lovely dinner
absence duty so good
there's a roller coaster and people
screaming we're really gonna try and get
attacking you back for kids
it's a half an hour walk and it's late
and we're cold yeah
this part is so cool happy you though
this is such a good heart I would have
loved him from here when I was a kid
[Music]